What are you doing?
Someone please shut up
No one can pick on him today
I don't have him as a daughter
Sir, we only have this one daughter.
Lin Junyun
You go back to your old home now
Remember me
You are a family man
Death is the ghost of the Gu family
Your whole life
Don't even think about leaving Gu Beicheng
Dad
Gu Beicheng will kill us
Now get out of here and kneel at the gate
Until I kneel awake
Sir sir shut up
Please don't intercede for him
It's a promise.
ten thousand inch star
gold yuan
call ice rain
I'll take this umbrella
What do you use?
I told you to take it and you took it
What to say
How are you going back?
Me, I ran back
Gone
Ah!
fool
You'll catch a cold
If I had chosen someone
What will it all look like now?
Sister Buyun
What are you thinking about?
The current one is not worthy of a person at all
I won't let you face the wind and rain alone again
I understand your intentions.
Go back, Jingwu
You don't understand.
You don't understand anything.
I rejected all ambiguity
Just to bet you an uncertain future
And now I've won the bet.
How can you bear to let me lose?
There you go.
I won't need your help anymore
I brought this upon myself.
Gu Beichen
This time you can't take advantage of cheap door-to-door again
I will use my own hands
Shred your City Lord Fu's dream with your own hands